when I was in the reserves what we call the ready reserve I here's what
we did and I think it's very comparable to that every month we did
the weekend drill that means you bet Saturday morning early and we
work till about five o'clock Saturday evening Sunday morning early to
about five o'clock for those two full days of work we got paid for
day's pay and because that's what it if you look at the amount of leave
people get on their active duty and a lot of time off they get
blah blah they work about four hours a day every day of the year and
so let's that's what they paid to get four days pay for two days and
then once a year you got a two week actor Tracy someplace so does
a really good actor trees I got Naples I got three tours in Japan and
in London England once you know is just all kinds of fun stuff but
then you went and you just went with equally active duty people and
did their job learned what they were doing and just trying to figure
out if I get called up how my gonna handle so that's what you did
you did your work you did training and the good thing about cryptologists
are if you got a radio and you got a linguist you can be a cryptologist
anywhere now we did some actual cryptologic stuff right there
in our home reserve unit the benefits you get pretty good pay you
know I got to law school living off of the those four days pay that
I got from the reserves bought food for me and my wife and my brand
new baby daughter that was good and as you get senior right the pay
is pretty decent then when you retire they add up how many days of
reserve duty you got credit for doing your weekends how much you've
got new year two weeks of active duty and then how much active duty
you did like I get four years will bring cars they told all add up
that gives you the percentage of your pay and then because I'm a retired
commander I get retired commanders pay times this percentage so
I get about in my case about assertive order it right retired get plus
medical benefits plus some other benefits like I can fly space available
around the world one military aircraft